Now everyone, it seems to me,
Knows just the place he wants to be.
I know what’s right; I know what’s wrong;
And, yes, I know where I belong.
It feels so good, so good to know
Where I should be, where I should go
To find good friends and company
Who build me up and care for me.
Yes, here in my heart
The feelings are strong.
Jehovah, it’s you
Who’ll help me get through
And show me where I belong.
My heart is sure, it’s clear to me,
I’m standing where I want to be.
I read God’s Word. I make it live.
It moves my heart. What can I give?
And now I know; yes, now I see
Where real friends are; that’s where I’ll be.
They’re all I want; they’re family;
Jehovah’s gift with love to me.
Yes, here in my heart
The feelings are strong.
Jehovah, it’s you
Who’ll help me get through
And show me where I belong.